=head1 DESCRIPTION

This is FrfBot, a L<Telegram|https://telegram.org> bot that posts
to L<FreeFeed|https://freefeed.net>.

It runs the actual bot available at
L<https://telegram.me/freefeed_bot>.

=head1 INSTALLATION

The bot runs as an HTTP daemon behind nginx which provides HTTPS.
I use L<Ubic|https://github.com/berekuk/Ubic> as a service manager and
provide an example conf/ubic-service file that may be used to run the
daemon. The nginx-site.conf to be included from the main nginx.conf is
also provided.

The deployment script I use is included in the form of Rexfile, a
tasks file for L<Rex|http://rexify.org>. It performs all the
templating, package and Perl module installations needed. Generally,
it will bring an empty modern Ubuntu box to a working FrfBot machine
in several minutes.

You may need to change some variables at the top of the file.

You will also need to provide SSL certificate and private key pair.
Self-signed certificates are ok, see some
L<instructions from Telegram|https://core.telegram.org/bots/self-signed>.

To register the bot with Telegram, you will need to talk to
L<the BotFather|https://telegram.me/BotFather> and get the token for
the conf/frfbot.conf file from him.

=head1 BUGS AND FEATURE REQUESTS

Bug reports are welcome via L<Github issues|https://github.com/kappa/frfbot/issues>.

=head1 LICENSE

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms GNU Affero General Public License version 3.

Please, be aware that you cannot run a modified version of this bot as
a public Telegram bot without publishing your modifications.

=head1 AUTHOR

Copyright (c) 2015 Alex Kapranoff, <alex@kapranoff.ru>.
